docs(API): expose `ElementTemplates#get` (#10)
bpmn-io/element-templates: docs/API.md

> If you [create your own element templates provider](https://github.com/bpmn-io/element-templates/blob/main/docs/CREATE_ELEMENT_TEMPLATE_PROVIDER.md) then you must at least implement the `ElementTemplates` interface and exposed it as the named `elementTemplates` service.

### `ElementTemplates#get(diagramElement): Template|null`

> Get the element template currently applied to a diagram element. Returns `null` if no template is applied or the applied template is not known to the modeler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the element template currently applied to a diagram element. Returns `null` if no template is applied or if the applied template is not known to the modeler.
```

```javascript
const elementTemplates = bpmnJS.get('elementTemplates')

const template = elementTemplates.get('My_Task');
```

### `ElementTemplates#get(templateId, templateVersion?): Template|null`

> Get the element template with the given id and optional version. If no version is provided it defaults to latest. Returns `null` if no template is found matching the search criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the element template with the given id and optional version. If no version is provided it defaults to latest. Returns `null` if no template matches the search criteria.
```
